Remove support for SWTPM. (#22)
PelionIoT/meta-parsec: README.md

# meta-parsec layer

> This layer contains recipes for the Parsec service with either a hardware TPM or a PKCS11 provider service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer contains recipes for the Parsec service with either a hardware TPM or a PKCS#11 provider service.
```

Reviewer: Seems they use the hash notation with the PKCS something.
